RFC 089: Identifiers API (#156)
wellcomecollection/docs: rfcs/089-identifiers-api/openapi.md

Freshness differs by variant: the bare lookup is immutable once minted and cached hard; include=siblings carries the mutable canonical->sources set and inherits the bounded-TTL + ETag treatment.

**Security:** `ApiKeyAuth`

**Parameters:**

| Name | In | Required | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| `sourceSystem` | path | yes | string | Source system identifier type. |
| `value` | path | yes | string | The identifier value within the source system. Must be a single, URL-encoded path segment. Source-id formats are heterogeneous, so this is not pattern-validated; unknown values resolve to 404 rather than 400. |
| `type` | query | no | string (enum: Work, Image, Item) | Ontology type. Part of the lookup key; defaults to Work. |
| `include` | query | no | string (enum: siblings) | Set to "siblings" to also return all source identifiers sharing the resolved canonical id. Omit for the canonical id alone. |

**Responses:**

| Status | Body | Description |
|---|---|---|

> | `200` | n/a | A mapping exists for the supplied tuple. |

Reviewer: Should this be:
 
```suggestion
| `200` | IdentifierSet\|CanonicalIdRef | A mapping exists for the supplied tuple. |
```

Author: The cell was `n/a` because `openapi.md` is generated and the renderer (`render_docs.py`) only handled single-`$ref` bodies, not `oneOf`. The source `openapi.yaml` already declares `oneOf: [CanonicalIdRef, IdentifierSet]`, so I fixed the renderer to emit `oneOf`/`anyOf` bodies as the alternatives joined by an escaped pipe and regenerated the file. The cell now reads `CanonicalIdRef \| IdentifierSet` (linked, in spec order). Fixed in 87b7c38.
